C:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.deps.json
C:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.dll
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.pdb
C:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.Views.dll
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.Views.pdb
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Privacy.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.Views.pdb
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.dll
c:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.pdb
C:\Users\PETRO133\Dropbox\Programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Curso ASP-NET Core.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\PETRO133\dropbox\programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Escuela\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PETRO133\dropbox\programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PETRO133\dropbox\programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\Simple.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PETRO133\dropbox\programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Asignatura\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PETRO133\dropbox\programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\AsignaturaSimple.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PETRO133\dropbox\programacion\Curso ASP-NET Core\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Asignatura\MultiAsignatura.g.cshtml.cs
